[Privacy] Oct21 progress blog updates (#1737)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/progress-in-the-privacy-sandbox-2021-10/index.md

user-agent](https://blog.chromium.org/2021/09/user-agent-reduction-origin-trial-and-dates.html),
with [further examples and details of rollout
phases](https://www.chromium.org/updates/ua-reduction). You will also need to
[migrate to User-Agent Client Hints](https://web.dev/migrate-to-ua-ch/) (UA-CH)
if you rely on the platform version, device, or full build version information
in the current `User-Agent` format.

We're continuing to [standardize existing names for Client
Hints](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/Y42bZ66L6Zo) by

> adding the `Sec-CH-` header prefix where missing. Pending approval, we hope to

Reviewer: These will be in Chrome 97 beta. It might also be worth mentioning that for the time being, existing headers will be supported for the sake of backward compatibility.

Author: That will be addressed in the next progress blog post.

[expand the range of GREASE
characters](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/ueudFsZzT1M)
for UA-CH.

## Show relevant content and ads

As we move towards phasing out third-party cookies, we need to introduce APIs

> that allow the use cases that depended on them but **without** continuing to
> allow cross-site tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that allow the use cases that depended on them but **without** allowing
cross-site tracking.
```

Reviewer: As long as we're here, night as well remove the inflated verb.

## Measure digital ads

As the companion to displaying ads without cross-site tracking, we need
privacy-preserving mechanisms to measure the effectiveness of those ads.

### Attribution Reporting API

The **[Attribution Reporting
API](/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting/)** gives you the ability to
measure events on one site, like clicking or viewing an ad, that lead to a
conversion on another site&mdash;without enabling cross-site tracking.

> We would like to continue testing on the Attribution Reporting API and we plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would like to continue testing the Attribution Reporting API and we plan
```

on **[extending the origin

> trial](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/DdjaFmsb4fA)**

Reviewer: @jpchase Do you have a token URL for the extension? The old OT is on the dashboard, but the new one isn't. This article should link to it.

Reviewer 2: For that intent, the existing trial for Conversion Measurement was approved for an extension, not a new trial. You can see the end is now in Chrome 97: https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/view_trial/3411476717733150721. I think the text here should be updated to say the trial has been extended, and use the existing OT url.

Reviewer: @rowan-m I can't add this through a suggestion because it's not part of text you touched. Can you please update this?

Author: I updated this URL, but it wasn't true that the trial was extended at the time this was published. With a November update coming, that will be the better time to reference the change.
